Deployment template for a Slack Bot (#3)
3coins/langchain-aws-template: slack_bot/README.md

# Slack Bot

> This package contains the infrastructure and the code to deploy and run a backend service that can process slack messages and respond with an answer from an LLM chain (`chain.py`). The package also contains a manifest file (`slack-bot-app.yml`) that can be imported directly to create a slack bot app. This app should be installed in your workspace for users to start using the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains the infrastructure and the code to deploy and run a backend service that can respond to a Slack message with an answer from an LLM chain (`chain.py`). The package also contains a manifest file (`slack-bot-app.yml`) that can be imported directly to create a slack bot app. This app should be installed in your workspace for users to start using the application.
```

It might also be good to link to the relevant page in Slack's official doc about how to install a Slack app in one's own instance.

Author: It's linked in the bottom section.

## Design
![Slack Bot Design](./images/slack_bot_design.svg)

## Code organization
### app.py
Contains the infrastructure code written in CDK that will be deployed to AWS

### config.py
Contains the configuration used by the infrastructure and the application code. The current setup expects the api keys and slack bot token to be stored in Secrets Manager under the name `api-keys`. For example retrieving the secrets in the AWS console will look like this.
```json
{
    "openai-api-key": "<api-key-value>",
    "slack-bot-token": "<bot-token>"
}
```

### message_reader.py
Lambda handler that processes the incoming messages and puts them in a queue to be processed by the LLM chain or saves them to the history database. 

### message_writer.py
Lambda handler that pulls messages from the SQS queue and call the LLM chain to process the user request. The handler writes the response from the chain to the slack message thread.

### chain.py
The LLM chain code that calls the LLM with the input from the user.

## Deploying to AWS

Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/3coins/langchain-aws-template.git
```

Move to the package directory
```bash
cd slack_bot
```

> Install the dependencies, this creates a conda env named `langchain-aws-slack-bot` and activates it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the dependencies; this creates a Conda env named `langchain-aws-slack-bot` and activates it.
```
